Updated readme with install and activate instructions (#343)
ansible/vscode-ansible: README.md

and [OpenVSX](https://open-vsx.org/extension/redhat/ansible) compatible editors
by leveraging [ansible-language-server](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-language-server).

## Activating Red Hat Ansible extension

It is recommended to open folder containing Ansible files with VSCode workspace.

> ![Linter support](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-language-server/raw/main/images/ansible-extension-activation.gif)

Reviewer: As a half-measure, I've uploaded it to GH CDN for you:
```suggestion
![Linter support](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/578543/143657900-66789b17-ccda-4588-8945-1c936a849532.gif)
```
If you go for this and drop adding the blob from the PR, I think we could settle on the lower quality GIF for some time. The important thing is that it does not affect the Git repo.

Note:

> * For Ansible files open in IDE window ensure the language mode is

Reviewer: VS Code is not an IDE
```suggestion
* For Ansible files open in an editor window ensure the language mode is
```

>   set to ``Ansible`` (bottom right of VSCode window).

Reviewer: Unlike RST, Markdown uses single backticks for inline code:
```suggestion
  set to `Ansible` (bottom right of the VS Code window).
```

* The runtime status of extension should be in activate state. It can

>   be verified in the ``Extension`` window ``Runtime Status`` tab for ``Ansible`` extension.

Reviewer: I don't have the `Runtime Status` tab in my VS Code instance. It may be old, though.

and [OpenVSX](https://open-vsx.org/extension/redhat/ansible) compatible editors
by leveraging [ansible-language-server](https://github.com/ansible/ansible-language-server).

## Activating Red Hat Ansible extension

> It is recommended to open folder containing Ansible files with VSCode workspace.

Reviewer: Grammar+consistency:
```suggestion
It is recommended to open a folder containing Ansible files with a VS Code workspace.
```
